Psalm 72 the chief musician a psalm of
Psalm 72 the chief musician a psalm of david to bring to remembrance make haste
david to bring to remembrance make haste
david to bring to remembrance make haste o God to deliver me make haste to help
o God to deliver me make haste to help
o God to deliver me make haste to help me O Lord let them be ashamed and
me O Lord let them be ashamed and
me O Lord let them be ashamed and confounded who seek my life
confounded who seek my life
confounded who seek my life let them be turned back and confused who
let them be turned back and confused who
let them be turned back and confused who desire my heart let them be turned back
desire my heart let them be turned back
desire my heart let them be turned back because of their shame who say aha
because of their shame who say aha
because of their shame who say aha aha let all those who seek you rejoice
aha let all those who seek you rejoice
aha let all those who seek you rejoice and be glad in you and let those who
and be glad in you and let those who
and be glad in you and let those who love your salvation say continually let
love your salvation say continually let
love your salvation say continually let God be magnified but I am poor and needy
God be magnified but I am poor and needy
God be magnified but I am poor and needy make haste to me Oh God you are my help
make haste to me Oh God you are my help
make haste to me Oh God you are my help and my deliverer Oh Lord do not delay